it all seems like a normal day at work
and you've arrived at your office at
belco industries you see your friendly
security guard your [ __ ] co-workers
and your boss i'll slowly walk past you
you think to yourself i wish everyone
around me was just dead so i could skip
work
however just mere seconds later you hear
the following broadcast
all employees lend me your full
attention
hey it's jesus your chance of survival
increases by following my orders
your task the voice on the intercom ends
up telling everyone inside to kill two
of their co-workers or else they will
face severe consequences which we find
out is actually four people dying
of course all the dumb [ __ ] inside
brushes off as a prank however as one
employee attempts to flee the building
steel shutters close down preventing
escape and trapping everyone inside
everyone inside the building rushes to
the lobby in an attempt to escape
however due to the steel shutters they
are unable to do so
the ceo of the company barry is the only
one that's able to get everyone calmed
down
here he establishes himself as a leader
this is exactly what you want to do
since you'll be able to call the shots
get others to do a bidding for you and
not to sacrifice yourself since when
people see you as a leader they're more
likely to listen to you especially in a
time when no one else has a voice
the two maintenance workers attempt to
burn their way through the steel plates
keeping everyone inside
however they are unable to do so and
barely even make a mark
instead of doing that i would suggest
trying to use a jackhammer and drill
through the concrete
this is much easier to do and maybe you
can make a hole large enough for people
to fit through
a few employees then attempt to get the
attention of the guards outside as well
as get cell phone reception
not only can they knock itself on
reception but the guard outside just
simply stares at them meanwhile at the
lobby someone's [ __ ] heads
this is because they didn't listen to
the voice and killed two people so the
voice
executed four random people via bombs
and planted into all the employees
just then the voice starts giving the
next set of instructions
currently 76 of you left in the building
in two hours
if 30 of you are not dead we will end 60
of your lives through our own message
everyone in the movie quickly realizes
that the voice must be taken seriously
as a result they split into two factions
one led by mike which is generally
peaceful another led by barry which is
more violent and intent on killing 30
people
regardless of which faction you choose
you should definitely consider arming
yourself
around the kitchen there's plenty of
knives and other sharp utensils you can
use as a stabbing weapon
there's also fire extinguishers around
the entire building that you can use as
blood force trauma as well as chair legs
and chairs that you can swing as a
ranged weapon
barry and his crew then attempt to break
into the armory after the security guard
refuses to give them the keys they want
access to the gun so they can kill 30
people
however mike and his crew end up finding
out and there's an intense standoff
between the security guard and barry's
crew
now personally the security guard
actually wanted to shoot some people in
barry's crew and it's a very tense
moment
what i would do is actually advise the
security guard to open fire and kill all
those psychopaths
because as long as there's less
psychopaths the odds of you surviving
will increase
instead of doing that however mike uses
the security guard's pistol to shoot out
the gas canister that barry's crew was
using to blow torch open the armory this
may seem like a good idea at first but
the last thing you want to do is anger
the psychopaths and initiate hostilities
towards them
because they're going to be the first
people that try to kill you after the
confrontation with barry's group my
group heads to the top floor where they
attempt to signal for help using fabric
signs
however they are unsuccessful and the
soldiers open fire and shoot at them
here i would instead suggest using the
gasoline from the below torch below to
start a signal fire using the same
fabric
if done correctly a signal fire can be
seen from miles away and there's no
soldiers that can just walk up and stop
it
after coming down from the roof mike's
group is ambushed by barry's group they
kill the security guard and take his
keys to the armory
this is good if you're part of barry's
group however one mistake they made is
stabbing him in the stomach
because if you don't kill him with that
one stab there's a chance that he whips
out his pistol and shoots you
the most effective place to stab in this
case is the neck because it's basically
a one shot
with weapons in hand barry's group then
rounds up everyone in the lobby and goes
full hitler mode where they decide to
execute 30 old people who don't have
children
however they end up running out of old
people and just start drafting people
randomly to be executed
in this situation you should be lying as
much as you can to not get executed if
you don't have kids say you have kids
lie about your age
lie about your parents etc however
barry's group forgets to account for the
lady hiding in the basement
she turns off the lights and a bunch of
people are able to escape their
executions
as a result only 29 people die instead
of 30. so 60 people end up getting blown
up by bombs
now barry made the big mistake of
hesitating before executing people he
took way too long
i suggest him taking on the philosophy
of if you're going to hell keep going
after you've killed one to two people
you're already gonna receive the maximum
sentence of the death penalty so you
might as well murder everyone inside
this movie that you see
barry will definitely wish that he shot
everyone in sight because just seconds
later he hears the next broadcast
in one hour whoever is killed the most
people will be allowed to live now it's
time to unleash your inner rambo and go
hunting if you have a gun you are at a
big advantage there's only around 5 guns
in the entire building so you want to
watch out for anyone with a gun
you want to start picking up knives any
sharp object that you can use to beat
the person next to you to death
you need to go around and search for
people because if you are not actively
looking you might as well be dead
because if you don't have the highest
kill count
the bomb will kill you if someone else
doesn't also in a situation like this it
might be smart to ally with someone else
with a pistol and immediately backstab
them and kill them off
because you don't want them stealing
your kills i know kill stealing is quite
common in video games but this is a
matter of life and death
so you cannot have that happen anyone
who's played video games is familiar
with bullet conservation
so if you find a bunch of people who are
unarmed do not use your gun to kill them
instead pick out your knife and chop
them
all to death the movie then begins
following barry who enters a elevator
he then starts hearing noises above
because there are two co-workers hiding
up there
so he starts shooting one of them
escapes the other one gets crushed to
death in the elevator
alright now two things it's definitely
not smart to be hiding at any point in
this movie because if you aren't getting
kills you're the same thing as dead
also if i were barry i wouldn't suggest
entering an elevator because you have a
long range weapon in a pistol if someone
has a bat or a knife there's a chance
they can equalize that distance
advantage
so make sure to take the stairs not only
is it healthier but it also provides you
a bigger advantage to use with your
pistol which is longer range than a bat
or a knife
mike's girlfriend then has the genius
idea of announcing on the loudspeaker
exactly where her and mike are gonna
meet up this is basically asking for
people to go and hunt for you
instead i suggest communicating in some
sort of code for example you could say
let's meet on the floor
of my birth month this would be much
better than announcing to the entire
building who are trying to kill you
exactly what floor you're planning to
meet on
because at least a few people won't know
your birth month so you'll leave them
guessing
mike's girlfriend is actually able to
kill one of the psychopaths named
wendell however i don't suggest using an
axe if you are a smaller person
especially because it's hard to wield
and heavy instead go for a knife or
something smaller
mike and his girlfriend finally meet up
with some other friendly cokers however
they come upon one of the psychos who
has assembled a bunch of molotov
cocktails
personally i wouldn't use a molotov
cocktail in this situation since you can
only carry a few and they're super easy
to miss
they're being chased by the other
psychopath but then they are found by
barry who kills the other psychopath and
shoots mike's girlfriend
eventually mike's girlfriend ends up
dying from her wounds
after watching his girlfriend die in his
arms mike gets re-energized and emerges
from the locker he was hiding in to
attack barry
however barry was ex-special forces and
this attempt was basically suicide
because it's simply unrealistic for an
average man to beat up a man with
special force training
and if i were barry in this situation i
would absolutely just sit in a corner
and camp with my gun there is literally
no reason to go and kill mike
because at the end of the hour you have
the most kills by far
eventually michael to help with some
plot armor is able to win the fight
against barry
he is escorted by soldiers into a nearby
hangar where he meets the man who is the
voice after a brief conversation he
sneaks the little bombs he collected
from dead people's heads and placed them
in the soldier's pockets
he then runs and flips all the switches
killing all the soldiers
he picks up a gun and shoots the voice
hundreds of times then he is shown on a
computer screen with winners from the
other belko experiments
and then a second voice says
stage one commence stage two
but how would you beat the bellco
experiment feel free to comment your own
theories below and anything i might have
missed
if you like this video make sure to drop
a like and hit that subscribe button for
more videos like that in the future